Update lost_or_stolen.md (#302)
madetech/handbook: guides/security/lost_or_stolen.md

# What To Do When Your Device is Lost or Stolen

Lost and stolen devices pose a security threat to both us and our clients whose proprietry information may be lost with the device. 

For Team members using the standard build of Made Tech device, we are able to use MDM (mobile device management) software to remotely wipe data from your device. 

## Reporting a device as stolen
The first thing you should do if you believe your device is lost or stolen is report it to the police.

When reporting to the police you should provide them with the following details:
 - Office address
 - Your address
 - Where and when you believe you lost or had it stolen
 - The relevant device details from Charlie HR: make, model and serial number
 - Any location info available in Find My iPhone/Mac

> Once the report of the stolen device is made to the police, you should thencontact the Made Tech Security Manager and report it like any other incident. When you make your report you should also include the crime reference number the police have provided you with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the report of the stolen device is made to the police, you should then contact the Made Tech Security Manager and report it like any other incident. When you make your report you should also include the crime reference number the police have provided you with.
```
